Round Robin Edits -JB (#206)
jaybee84/ml-in-rd: content/09.outlook.md

We believe that the challenges in applying ML to rare disease are opportunities for data generation and method development going forward.
In particular, we identify the following two areas as important for the field to explore to increase the utility of machine learning in rare disease.

> ### Mindful addition of data is key for powering the next generation of analysis in rare disease data

Reviewer: 🤷🏻 

```suggestion
### Intentional data generation is key for powering the future of rare disease data analysis
```

While rare disease studies that collect genomic and phenotypic data are becoming more common [@doi:10.1038/nrg3555; @doi:10.1038/nrg.2017.116; @doi:10.1056/NEJMra1711801], an important next step is to develop comprehensive genomics-based genotype-phenotype databases that prioritize clinical and genomics data standards in order to fuel interpretation of features extracted using ML methods.
Finally, mindful sharing of data with proper metadata and attribution to enable prompt data reuse is of utmost important in building datasets that can be of great value in rare disease [@https://www.nature.com/articles/s41576-020-0257-5].

> ### Methods that reliably support mechanistic interrogation of specific rare diseases are an unmet need in the field

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Methods that reliably support mechanistic interrogation of specific rare diseases are an unmet need
```
